Serialized structured column via SerializedColumn (#12644)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/table/12644.feature.rst

> ``Column`` and ``Quantity`` with structured dtypes and units can now
> be serialized properly to ECSV, FITS, and HDF5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Columns which are ``numpy`` structured arrays are now fully supported,
effectively allowing tables within tables. This applies to ``Column``, 
``MaskedColumn``, and ``Quantity`` columns. These structured data columns 
can be stored in ECSV, FITS, and HDF5 formats.
```

Author: Done
